README.md, before:

## octory - [https://octory.io/](https://octory.io/)

This repo contains several projects which uses Octory on macOS to customize the Out of the Box experience for users.

**Table of Contents**

<!-- toc -->

- [About](#about)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## About

This consist of four projects:
ITMenubar is a menu bar applet used to display user information and provide a handy method for user to reboot the computer or create a support ticket.

ITOPS is a app that is launch at first boot to improve the OOBE for users.

PasswordPOC is an app that launch at first boot handles the entirity of the user onboarding.

SoftwareUpdatePrompt is an app that launches at noon (configurable via a launchdaemon) and inform the user to install any required updates.

## Resources

- [Octory documentation](https://docs.octory.io/)

- [Apple Device Management Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement)

- [Apple Configuration Proifle Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/configuring_multiple_devices_using_profiles)

- [Apple Rapid Security Response Documentation](https://support.apple.com/guide/deployment/rapid-security-responses-dep93ff7ea78/web)

- [Bash Reference Manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html)

## Contributing

Please feel free to submit a pull request if you made any improvement to these workflows. Also, please don't hesistat to create an issue if you run into any problems.

Commit message:

update to include more information for the project

README.md, after:

## octory - [https://octory.io/](https://octory.io/)

This repo contains several projects which use Octory on macOS to customize the Out of the Box experience for users.

**Table of Contents**

<!-- toc -->

- [About](#about)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## About

This project consists of four Octory configurations:

- [ITMenubar](https://github.com/raelldottin/octory/tree/main/ITMenuBar) is a menu bar applet used to display user information and provide a handy method for the user to reboot the computer or create a support ticket.

- [ITOPS](https://github.com/raelldottin/octory/tree/main/ITOPS) is an app launched at first boot to improve the OOBE for users.

- [PasswordPOC](https://github.com/raelldottin/octory/tree/main/PasswordPOC) is an app that launches at first boot and handles the entirety of the user onboarding.

- [SoftwareUpdatePrompt](https://github.com/raelldottin/octory/tree/main/SoftwareUpdatePrompt) is an app that launches at noon (configurable via a launch daemon) and informs users to install any required updates.

## Resources

- [Octory documentation](https://docs.octory.io/)

- [Apple Device Management Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement)

- [Apple Configuration Proifle Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/configuring_multiple_devices_using_profiles)

- [Apple Rapid Security Response Documentation](https://support.apple.com/guide/deployment/rapid-security-responses-dep93ff7ea78/web)

- [Bash Reference Manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html)

## Contributing

Please feel free to submit a pull request if you have made any improvements to these workflows. Also, please feel free to create an issue if you encounter any problems.
